{"milestones":[{"name":"Adminstrative"},{"name":"Milestone 1"}],"attachments":[],"versions":[],"comments":[{"content":"ref #12: Add spec file, add notes.\n\nAdded the file containing the technical specifications. Also added some\nnotes on what that well need to be there. Also included the file on\ncomponents functional requirements.\n\n\n→ <<cset b0dfff9dac43>>","created_on":"2017-02-01T18:36:13.595335+00:00","user":"Per-Morten","updated_on":null,"issue":12,"id":34101499},{"content":"fix #14: Write functional requirements for components\n\nHave now written up the functional requirements for the components in\nthe technical specification.\n\nref #12\n$time #14 3h\n\n\n→ <<cset ed47db097486>>","created_on":"2017-02-01T18:36:13.558375+00:00","user":"Per-Morten","updated_on":null,"issue":12,"id":34101498},{"content":"fix #14: Write functional requirements for components\n\nHave now written up the functional requirements for the components in\nthe technical specification.\n\nref #12\n$time #14 3h\n\n\n→ <<cset ed47db097486>>","created_on":"2017-02-01T18:36:13.508994+00:00","user":"Per-Morten","updated_on":null,"issue":14,"id":34101497},{"content":"fix #7 Change it to include a documentclass, and a begin and end document\n\n\n→ <<cset bf47bd5b3637>>","created_on":"2017-02-01T11:18:24.628624+00:00","user":"lohne150","updated_on":null,"issue":7,"id":34090419},{"content":"Formats look nice, however it would be nice to be able to generate pdf's of them, i.e. giving them a document class, and begin and end document.","created_on":"2017-02-01T10:36:38.552597+00:00","user":"Per-Morten","updated_on":null,"issue":7,"id":34089242},{"content":null,"created_on":"2017-01-31T11:07:20.446947+00:00","user":"lohne150","updated_on":null,"issue":7,"id":34061805},{"content":"ref #5: Add daily scrum notes 010217\n\nAdded meeting notes related to the daily scrum meeting 01.02.2017\n\n\n→ <<cset 27eb9d6e7a8f>>","created_on":"2017-02-01T10:43:12.990464+00:00","user":"Per-Morten","updated_on":null,"issue":5,"id":34089444},{"content":"Assigned reserved issue to regard meeting notes.","created_on":"2017-02-01T10:41:34.117996+00:00","user":"Per-Morten","updated_on":null,"issue":5,"id":34089401},{"content":"Moved to Administrative milestone","created_on":"2017-01-31T13:56:50.227239+00:00","user":"Per-Morten","updated_on":null,"issue":9,"id":34066450},{"content":"Moved to Administrative milestone","created_on":"2017-01-31T13:56:36.438723+00:00","user":"Per-Morten","updated_on":null,"issue":10,"id":34066436},{"content":"Moved to Administrative milestone","created_on":"2017-01-31T13:56:05.169703+00:00","user":"Per-Morten","updated_on":null,"issue":11,"id":34066425},{"content":"ref #1: Remove standards folder\n\nRemoved the standards folder, as the standards now reside within the\nwiki.\n\nref #6 #8\n\n\n→ <<cset b6ce1afd6abf>>","created_on":"2017-02-01T11:49:32.068337+00:00","user":"Per-Morten","updated_on":null,"issue":8,"id":34091129},{"content":"fix #8: Add issue standard\n\nAdded an issue standard to explain how issues are supposed to be\nwritten.\n\n$time #8 40m\n\n\n→ <<cset 0512edb04b58>>","created_on":"2017-01-31T12:41:04.441144+00:00","user":"Per-Morten","updated_on":null,"issue":8,"id":34064440},{"content":"ref #1: Remove standards folder\n\nRemoved the standards folder, as the standards now reside within the\nwiki.\n\nref #6 #8\n\n\n→ <<cset b6ce1afd6abf>>","created_on":"2017-02-01T11:49:32.000920+00:00","user":"Per-Morten","updated_on":null,"issue":6,"id":34091128},{"content":"fix #6: Fix leading character for time logging\n\nThe \\@ sign were used for linking to other bitbucket users.\nLeading to some hillarious results.\nLogging an extra minute to ensure that it functions properly.\n\n$time 1m\n\n\n→ <<cset fa9fe69fed23>>","created_on":"2017-01-31T11:45:36.294387+00:00","user":"Per-Morten","updated_on":null,"issue":6,"id":34062896},{"content":"fix #6: Created standard commit document\n\nCreated a standard commit document, clarifying our routines in relation\nto commit messages.\n\n$time #6 1h\n\n\n→ <<cset 8d425763a3ce>>","created_on":"2017-01-31T11:38:15.383851+00:00","user":"Per-Morten","updated_on":"2017-01-31T11:39:35.913237+00:00","issue":6,"id":34062705},{"content":"ref #1: Remove standards folder\n\nRemoved the standards folder, as the standards now reside within the\nwiki.\n\nref #6 #8\n\n\n→ <<cset b6ce1afd6abf>>","created_on":"2017-02-01T11:49:31.961413+00:00","user":"Per-Morten","updated_on":null,"issue":1,"id":34091127},{"content":"ref #1: Rename meeting notes to supervisor meetings\n\nRenamed the meeting notes to supervisor meetings, as that is what\ncurrently resides in the folder.\n\n\n→ <<cset 96fbc59145ec>>","created_on":"2017-02-01T10:43:12.908413+00:00","user":"Per-Morten","updated_on":null,"issue":1,"id":34089443}],"meta":{"default_milestone":null,"default_assignee":null,"default_kind":"bug","default_component":null,"default_version":null},"components":[],"issues":[{"status":"new","priority":"major","kind":"task","content_updated_on":null,"voters":[],"title":"Write Technical Specification and Performance Metrics Document","reporter":"Per-Morten","component":null,"watchers":["Per-Morten"],"content":"Need to write the technical specification and performance metrics document.\r\nThe technical specification will probably not be long enough to warrant its own document, so it will be written in the same document.\r\n\r\n$estimate 1d","assignee":"Per-Morten","created_on":"2017-01-31T13:52:43.453562+00:00","version":null,"edited_on":null,"milestone":"Milestone 1","updated_on":"2017-02-01T18:36:13.597611+00:00","id":12},{"status":"resolved","priority":"major","kind":"task","content_updated_on":null,"voters":[],"title":"Write functional requirements for components","reporter":"Per-Morten","component":null,"watchers":["Per-Morten"],"content":"Need to write up the functional requirements for the components in the ECS model. I.e. What sort of functionality do the current component system offer?\r\n\r\n$estimate 4h\r\n\r\nref #12: part of this issue","assignee":"Per-Morten","created_on":"2017-02-01T12:01:44.548855+00:00","version":null,"edited_on":null,"milestone":"Milestone 1","updated_on":"2017-02-01T18:36:13.513977+00:00","id":14},{"status":"resolved","priority":"major","kind":"task","content_updated_on":null,"voters":[],"title":"Create log formats","reporter":"Per-Morten","component":null,"watchers":["lohne150","Per-Morten"],"content":"Create log formats for:\r\n- Daily logs\r\n- Daily scrum\r\n- Stakeholder meetings\r\n- Supervisor meetings","assignee":"lohne150","created_on":"2017-01-31T10:12:40.299603+00:00","version":null,"edited_on":null,"milestone":null,"updated_on":"2017-02-01T11:18:24.632391+00:00","id":7},{"status":"new","priority":"major","kind":"task","content_updated_on":"2017-02-01T10:41:34.104997+00:00","voters":[],"title":"Meeting notes","reporter":"Per-Morten","component":null,"watchers":["Per-Morten"],"content":"All meeting notes tag, everything related to new meeting notes etc, commit to this.","assignee":null,"created_on":"2017-01-31T10:08:54.913160+00:00","version":null,"edited_on":null,"milestone":"Adminstrative","updated_on":"2017-02-01T10:43:12.993567+00:00","id":5},{"status":"new","priority":"trivial","kind":"enhancement","content_updated_on":null,"voters":[],"title":"Create Git standard document","reporter":"Per-Morten","component":null,"watchers":["Per-Morten"],"content":"Could be nice to have a git standard documents, explaining how we do git procedures and workflow.\r\n\r\n$estimate 1h","assignee":"Per-Morten","created_on":"2017-01-31T13:57:51.010078+00:00","version":null,"edited_on":null,"milestone":"Adminstrative","updated_on":"2017-01-31T13:57:51.010078+00:00","id":13},{"status":"new","priority":"minor","kind":"enhancement","content_updated_on":null,"voters":[],"title":"Create commit script","reporter":"Per-Morten","component":null,"watchers":["Per-Morten"],"content":"Would be nice to have a script that enforces the commit guidelines.","assignee":"Per-Morten","created_on":"2017-01-31T11:46:58.372444+00:00","version":null,"edited_on":null,"milestone":"Adminstrative","updated_on":"2017-01-31T13:56:50.211662+00:00","id":9},{"status":"new","priority":"minor","kind":"enhancement","content_updated_on":null,"voters":[],"title":"Create issue parser","reporter":"Per-Morten","component":null,"watchers":["Per-Morten"],"content":"Would be nice to have a program that would parse the issues on bitbucket.\r\nThe issues can be exported as a json file. Script can probably be made in python.\r\n\r\nNot estimating time on this one, as I will probably do it in my free time.","assignee":"Per-Morten","created_on":"2017-01-31T13:36:12.518187+00:00","version":null,"edited_on":null,"milestone":"Adminstrative","updated_on":"2017-01-31T13:56:36.408678+00:00","id":10},{"status":"new","priority":"minor","kind":"enhancement","content_updated_on":null,"voters":[],"title":"Create commit parser","reporter":"Per-Morten","component":null,"watchers":["Per-Morten"],"content":"Would be nice to have a program that would parse the commit messages in the repo, and log all the $time instances to log how much time has been used on each issue. Script can probably be made in python, bash, or a combination.\r\n\r\nNot estimating time on this one, as I will probably do it in my free time.","assignee":"Per-Morten","created_on":"2017-01-31T13:40:05.635335+00:00","version":null,"edited_on":null,"milestone":"Adminstrative","updated_on":"2017-01-31T13:56:05.142915+00:00","id":11},{"status":"resolved","priority":"major","kind":"task","content_updated_on":null,"voters":[],"title":"Create issue standard","reporter":"Per-Morten","component":null,"watchers":["Per-Morten"],"content":"Would be nice to have some standardized fields, or organization of bitbucket issues.\r\nLike for example, containing estimated time, related issues etc.","assignee":"Per-Morten","created_on":"2017-01-31T10:15:56.850859+00:00","version":null,"edited_on":null,"milestone":null,"updated_on":"2017-02-01T11:49:32.073542+00:00","id":8},{"status":"resolved","priority":"critical","kind":"task","content_updated_on":null,"voters":[],"title":"Create commit standard","reporter":"Per-Morten","component":null,"watchers":["Per-Morten"],"content":"Need a commitment standard that we can use for tracking time etc, as we are not going to be using jira.\r\n\r\nShould be easy to parse with git log.","assignee":"Per-Morten","created_on":"2017-01-31T10:10:01.496339+00:00","version":null,"edited_on":null,"milestone":null,"updated_on":"2017-02-01T11:49:32.003871+00:00","id":6},{"status":"new","priority":"trivial","kind":"enhancement","content_updated_on":null,"voters":[],"title":"Reserved for future use","reporter":"Per-Morten","component":null,"watchers":["Per-Morten"],"content":"Issue tag is reserved for general purpose commits.\r\nDoing this to keep the low issue tags available.","assignee":null,"created_on":"2017-01-31T10:08:39.540898+00:00","version":null,"edited_on":null,"milestone":null,"updated_on":"2017-01-31T10:08:39.540898+00:00","id":4},{"status":"new","priority":"trivial","kind":"enhancement","content_updated_on":null,"voters":[],"title":"Reserved for future use","reporter":"Per-Morten","component":null,"watchers":["Per-Morten"],"content":"Issue tag is reserved for general purpose commits.\r\nDoing this to keep the low issue tags available.","assignee":null,"created_on":"2017-01-31T10:08:24.887840+00:00","version":null,"edited_on":null,"milestone":null,"updated_on":"2017-01-31T10:08:24.887840+00:00","id":3},{"status":"new","priority":"trivial","kind":"enhancement","content_updated_on":null,"voters":[],"title":"Reserved for future use","reporter":"Per-Morten","component":null,"watchers":["Per-Morten"],"content":"Issue tag is reserved for general purpose commits.\r\nDoing this to keep the low issue tags available.","assignee":null,"created_on":"2017-01-31T10:07:45.693898+00:00","version":null,"edited_on":null,"milestone":null,"updated_on":"2017-01-31T10:07:45.693898+00:00","id":2},{"status":"new","priority":"minor","kind":"enhancement","content_updated_on":null,"voters":[],"title":"Cleanup","reporter":"Per-Morten","component":null,"watchers":["Per-Morten"],"content":"General cleanup tag. \r\nEverything related to general cleanup, i.e. fixing spelling errors, formatting etc, push here.","assignee":null,"created_on":"2017-01-31T10:06:22.497232+00:00","version":null,"edited_on":null,"milestone":null,"updated_on":"2017-02-01T11:49:31.964532+00:00","id":1}],"logs":[{"comment":34089401,"changed_to":"Adminstrative","field":"milestone","created_on":"2017-02-01T10:41:34.135228+00:00","user":"Per-Morten","issue":5,"changed_from":""},{"comment":34089401,"changed_to":"Meeting notes","field":"title","created_on":"2017-02-01T10:41:34.133187+00:00","user":"Per-Morten","issue":5,"changed_from":"Reserved for future use"},{"comment":34089401,"changed_to":"task","field":"kind","created_on":"2017-02-01T10:41:34.131151+00:00","user":"Per-Morten","issue":5,"changed_from":"enhancement"},{"comment":34089401,"changed_to":"major","field":"priority","created_on":"2017-02-01T10:41:34.128065+00:00","user":"Per-Morten","issue":5,"changed_from":"trivial"},{"comment":34089401,"changed_to":"All meeting notes tag, everything related to new meeting notes etc, commit to this.","field":"content","created_on":"2017-02-01T10:41:34.124029+00:00","user":"Per-Morten","issue":5,"changed_from":"Issue tag is reserved for general purpose commits.\r\nDoing this to keep the low issue tags available."},{"comment":34064440,"changed_to":"resolved","field":"status","created_on":"2017-01-31T12:41:04.476864+00:00","user":"Per-Morten","issue":8,"changed_from":"new"},{"comment":34089242,"changed_to":"open","field":"status","created_on":"2017-02-01T10:36:38.556290+00:00","user":"Per-Morten","issue":7,"changed_from":"resolved"},{"comment":34066436,"changed_to":"Adminstrative","field":"milestone","created_on":"2017-01-31T13:56:36.448036+00:00","user":"Per-Morten","issue":10,"changed_from":""},{"comment":34066425,"changed_to":"Adminstrative","field":"milestone","created_on":"2017-01-31T13:56:05.175044+00:00","user":"Per-Morten","issue":11,"changed_from":""},{"comment":34061805,"changed_to":"resolved","field":"status","created_on":"2017-01-31T11:07:20.452731+00:00","user":"lohne150","issue":7,"changed_from":"new"},{"comment":34090419,"changed_to":"resolved","field":"status","created_on":"2017-02-01T11:18:24.646511+00:00","user":"lohne150","issue":7,"changed_from":"open"},{"comment":34101497,"changed_to":"resolved","field":"status","created_on":"2017-02-01T18:36:13.532276+00:00","user":"Per-Morten","issue":14,"changed_from":"new"},{"comment":34066450,"changed_to":"Adminstrative","field":"milestone","created_on":"2017-01-31T13:56:50.230686+00:00","user":"Per-Morten","issue":9,"changed_from":""},{"comment":34062705,"changed_to":"resolved","field":"status","created_on":"2017-01-31T11:38:15.417650+00:00","user":"Per-Morten","issue":6,"changed_from":"new"}]}